if you're wondering why exactly I'm
standing outside Terminal 3 at London's
Heathrow Airport where the answer is
quite simple and which if a shara can't
to arrive this is a special trip for him
as he joins the ranks of many famous
faces in the city s estatua is about to
be unveiled at the waxworks Museum
Madame Tussauds and we're hoping in the
course of this episode that he will
appropriately wax elephant
as expected King Khan's arrival could
hardly go unnoticed fans swooned around
autograph hunters popped up everywhere
even security personnel seemed set to
swoon as for the star himself but get
jet lag
Travel fatigue what's that this was a
trick he'd been waiting to make our
trips are important here this is also
more special here because of mother to
surgery yes London loves this arcade
this we know happily for them the
feeling's mutual
I think the fact that we so many people
feel the subcontinent in London whether
from Pakistan Sri Lanka India Burma
Bhutan areas like that I think has given
me the Philip has given me I think a lot
of stardom overseas and I have always
said that I mean people in London
America but specially business
specifically it started from UK really
and London being the heart I think a lot
of my films have done well because of
the UK audience and I I mean to me
coming to London and meeting people here
is like being in India and not and I
respect all the people from subcontinent
for having made me the star I am and
always say that for every show that I do
that I thank London
a little early for the thank-you
speeches perhaps
so after all the waxwork was yet to be
revealed
but then again perhaps not especially
when you consider the anticipation had
also begun well in advance
outside the halls the queues had started
building up and building up
as you can see the line from madame
tussauds runs pretty much around the
block now it's pretty much a given
from all over the place they had arrived
for a glimpse or a picture with the next
best thing
so reenactor I see shall can dance I
dance with him a baffled British media
what quite sure what the circus was
about
the thing is I don't know what he looks
like which maybe I shouldn't say because
I'm sure you guys must all know but I'm
supposed to right behind you
he's quite a formidable looking man
isn't he yeah I'm looking forward to
meeting he seems like to be appears to
be a massive massive star I work for on
the savage on the photo agencies and
Shahrukh Khan is very big in Germany on
so I was sent in to take photographs of
Dana
for the british asian journalist though
huddled in the cold waiting for entry
the only thing they were curious about
was why had taken so long to put up a
static shahrukh in the first place his
conquered film he's conquered so many of
the things he's now conquering
television i think it's about time he
was given the place they deserves the
responses for norman army and there's
cues going right around the building
there's hundreds of fans on the other
side we've seen fans from all over the
world of berlin specifically for this so
it's a fantastic opportunity of everyone
to meet the game
jean-luc himself though seemed
circumspect
no I don't think it's overdue I think
there are lot other people from our
country who should be there as it is but
we have some amazing leaders we are some
amazing sports people and I think